h1. compass-jquery-plugin

Get gem from <b>"Gemcutter":http://gemcutter.org/gems/compass-jquery-plugin</b>.
Get source from <b>"github":http://github.com/kosmas58/compass-jquery-plugin</b>.


h2. Description

A Sass-based Meta-Framework for Compass that allows you to mix and match any of the following:

* jRails with jQuery 1.4.4.rc3 and jQuery.UI 1.8.6 including themes
* jQuery Tools 1.2.5
* jquery.jstree.js V1.0rc3
* jquery.dynatree.js V0.5.4
* jquery.ribbon.js
* jquery.jqGrid.js V3.8.1 (with minor changes to make in RESTful)
* jquery.mobile.js 1.0a2
* jquery.jqtouch.js V1.0b2

This library requires <b>"Compass":http://wiki.github.com/chriseppstein/compass</b>.

h3. jRails, jQuery and jQuery.UI including themes

Use compass to install the jRails, jQuery and jQuery.UI javascript library including themes into your project.

For jQuery:
<pre>compass install [-r jquery] jquery/jrails <project name></pre>

You will find all the stylesheets in easy-to-read Sass format at:

<pre>stylesheets/jquery.ui</pre>

To use the localized stylesheets and javacripts for jQuery include (using the rails_xss plugin):

<pre>
= stylesheet_link_tag "compiled/jquery/ui/[theme].css", :media => 'screen, projection'
= javascript_include_tag :defaults
= raw jrails_javascripts(I18n.locale)</pre>

alternatively you can include: 
<pre>
= stylesheet_link_tag "compiled/jquery/ui/[theme].css", :media => 'screen, projection'
= javascript_include_tag :jquery_ui
= javascript_include_tag :jrails
= raw jrails_javascripts(I18n.locale)</pre>

into your layouts.

h3. jQuery TOOLS

Use compass to install the jQuery TOOLS javascript library into your project.

<pre>compass install [-r jquery] jquery/tools <project name></pre>

To use the javacripts include:

<pre>
= javascript_include_tag :tools</pre>

h3. jQuery Dynatree Plugin

Use compass to install the jQuery Dynatree javascript library into your project.

<pre>compass install [-r jquery] jquery/dynatree <project name></pre>

You will find all the stylesheets in easy-to-read Sass format at:

<pre>stylesheets/jquery.ui</pre>

To use the localized stylesheets and javacripts include:

<pre>
= stylesheet_link_tag 'compiled/jquery/dynatree/[skin].css', :media => 'screen, projection'
= javascript_include_tag :dynatree</pre>

h3. jQuery jsTree Plugin

Use compass to install the jQuery jsTree javascript library into your project.

<pre>compass install [-r jquery] jquery/jstree <project name></pre>

You will find all the stylesheets in easy-to-read Sass format at:

<pre>stylesheets/jquery.ui</pre>

To use the localized stylesheets and javacripts include:

<pre>
= stylesheet_link_tag 'compiled/jquery/jstree/[theme].css', :media => 'screen, projection'
= javascript_include_tag :jstree</pre>

h3. jQuery Ribbon Plugin

Use compass to install the jQuery Ribbon javascript library into your project.

<pre>compass install [-r jquery] jquery/ribbon <project name></pre>

You will find all the stylesheets in easy-to-read Sass format at:

<pre>stylesheets/jquery.ui</pre>

To use the localized stylesheets and javacripts include:

<pre>
= stylesheet_link_tag 'compiled/jquery/ribbon/[theme].css', :media => 'screen, projection'
= javascript_include_tag :ribbon</pre>

h3. jqGrid

Use compass to install the jqGrid javascript library into your project.

<pre>compass install [-r jquery] jquery/jqgrid <project name></pre>

You will find the jqGrid stylesheet in easy-to-read Sass format at:

<pre>stylesheets/jquery.ui</pre>

To use the localized stylesheets and javacripts include:

<pre>
= stylesheet_link_tag 'compiled/jquery/jqGrid.css', :media => 'screen, projection'
= raw jqgrid_javascripts(I18n.locale)</pre>

h3. Secret Sauce

Use compass to install the Secret Sauce for jqGrid javascript library into your project.

<pre>compass install [-r jquery] jquery/secret_sauce <project name></pre>

You will find all the stylesheets in easy-to-read Sass format.

<pre>stylesheets/jquery.ui</pre>

To use the localized stylesheets and javacripts include:

<pre>
= stylesheet_link_tag 'compiled/jquery/secret_sauce.css', :media => 'screen, projection'
= javascript_include_tag :secret_sauce</pre>

h3. jquery.ical

Use compass to install the jquery.ical javascript library into your project.

<pre>compass install [-r jquery] jquery/ical <project name></pre>

You will find all the stylesheets in easy-to-read Sass format.

<pre>stylesheets/jquery.ui</pre>

To use the (localized) stylesheets and javacripts include:

<pre>
  = stylesheet_link_tag 'compiled/jquery/ical.css', :media => 'screen, projection'
  = javascript_include_tag :ical</pre>

h3. Emulators

Use compass to install the emulator stylesheets and fullsize images for iPhone and iPad into your project.

<pre>compass install [-r jquery] jquery/emulators <project name></pre>

You will find all the stylesheets in easy-to-read Sass format at:

<pre>stylesheets/emulators</pre>

To use the localized stylesheets and javacripts include:

<pre>
= stylesheet_link_tag 'compiled/emulators/ipad.landscape.css', :media => 'screen, projection'
= stylesheet_link_tag 'compiled/emulators/iphone.portrait.css', :media => 'screen, projection'</pre>

h3. jQuery mobile

Use compass to install the jQuery mobile javascript library and themes into your project.

<pre>compass install [-r jquery] jquery/mobile <project name></pre>

You will find all the stylesheets in easy-to-read Sass format at:

<pre>stylesheets/mobile</pre>

To use the localized stylesheets and javacripts include:

<pre>
= stylesheet_link_tag "compiled/jquery/mobile/[theme].css", :media => 'screen, projection'
= javascript_include_tag :mobile'</pre>


h3. jQTouch

Use compass to install the jQTouch javascript library into your project.

<pre>compass install [-r jquery] jquery/jqtouch <project name></pre>

You will find all the stylesheets in easy-to-read Sass format at:

<pre>stylesheets/jqtouch</pre>

To use the localized stylesheets and javacripts include:

<pre>
= stylesheet_link_tag 'compiled/jquery/touch/[theme].css', :media => 'screen, projection'
= javascript_include_tag :jqtouch'</pre>


h2. Thanks to the Contributors:

h3. Rails

* aaron for <b>"jRails":http://code.google.com/p/ennerchi/</b>
* David Turnbull for <b>"compass-jquery":http://github.com/dturnbull/compass-jquery/tree/master</b>
* Jonathan Linowes for <b>"gridify":http://github.com/linoj/gridify</b>
* ahe for <b>"2dc_jqgrid":http://github.com/ahe/2dc_jqgrid/tree/master</b>
* scrubber for <b>"jquery_grid_for_rails":http://github.com/scrubber/jquery_grid_for_rails/tree/master</b>
* ariesroyaal for <b>"secret_sauce":http://github.com/ariesroyaal/secret_sauce/tree/master</b> now <b>"at":http://github.com/fugufish/secret_sauce</b>.
* Ryan Heath for <b>"pretty_flash":http://github.com/rpheath/pretty_flash</b>

h3. jQuery Plugins included

* Chris Domigan for <b>"jQuery ContextMenu Plugin":http://www.trendskitchens.co.nz/jquery/contextmenu/</b>
* Kalus Hartl for <b>"jQuery Cookie Plugin":http://stilbuero.de</b>
* Martin Wendt for <b>"jQuery Dynatree Plugin":http://www.wwwendt.de</b>
* John Reisig et. al. for <b>"jQuery Form Plugin":http://malsup.com/jquery/form/</b>
* Tony Tomov for <b>"jQuery Grid Plugin":http://www.trirand.com/blog/</b>
* Tim Caswell for <b>"jQuery haml Plugin":http://github.com/creationix/jquery-haml</b>
* Ivan Bozhanov for <b>"jQuery jsTree Plugin":http://jstree.com/</b>
* Fabrizio Balliano and Fabrizio Balliano for <b>"jQuery Layout Plugin":http://www.fabrizioballiano.net/</b>
* Andreas Eberhard for <b>"jQuery PngFix Plugin (for IE)":http://jquery.andreaseberhard.de/</b>
* Mikael Soederstroem for <b>"jQuery Ribbon Plugin":http://jqueryribbon.codeplex.com/</b>
* Gareth Watts from Splunk Inc for <b>"jQuery Sparklines plugin":http://omnipotent.net/jquery.sparkline/</b>
* Denis Howlett for <b>"jQuery Table Drag and Drop Plugin":http://www.isocra.com/2008/02/table-drag-and-drop-jquery-plugin/</b>
* John Reisig et. al. for <b>"jQuery Templating Plugin":https://github.com/jquery/jquery-tmpl/</b>
* Juan G. Hurtado for <b>"jQuery TOOLS":http://github.com/jquerytools/jquerytools</b>
* Michael Aufreiter for <b>"jQuery UI Multiselect Plugin":http://quasipartikel.at</b>

* David Kaneda for <b>"jQTouch":http://www.jqtouch.com/</b>
* Andrew M Andrews III for <b>"Any+Time":http://www.ama3.com/anytime/</b>
* Steven Wittens for <b>"Farbtastic Colorpicker plugin":http://acko.net/dev/farbtastic</b>
* Adam Shaw for <b>"FullCalendar":http://arshaw.com/fullcalendar/</b>

h3. Other stuff included

* Tim Caswell for <b>"halm-js":http://github.com/creationix/haml-js</b> Server side templating language for JavaScript
* Rick DeNatale for <b>"ri_cal":http://github.com/rubyredrick/ri_cal/</b>

h2. Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009-2010 Kosmas Schuetz. See LICENSE for details.

